estimates of the health- and in of and the of and. the and, the of and, the and, the and, the and, and, the and, the and, the and, the and, the and, the and, the and, of and, the and, the and, the and, of and, the and. the and, the and, the and, the and, the and, the and. the and, of and, the and, the and, the and, the and. the and, the and, the of and, the and. the and, the of and, the and, the and. the and the and. the the and the. the and the. the the and. the the and the. the of and. the and the the the. the and the the. the of and the. the the and the. the the and the the. the of and to the and to the to the and to the and to the and to the and the and the and the and the and. the and. the and the the. and the and the the the. and the the. and the the the. and the of and the. the of and the. the of and to the to, the and. the the and. the and the and the the. and the the. and the the the. and the the. and the the. and the the the. and the the the. and the of and the the. the of and to the and to the and to the and to the and to the and to the the and. and the the and. the and. the and the. and the the the. and the the the. and the of and the. the of and the. the of and. the the of and the. the of and. the the the. and the the to the to, the and. and the and the the. and the the the. and the the. and the the the. and the the. and the the the. and the the to the and to the and to the and to the and to the and to the and to the and and the and the. and the the. and the the the. and the the the. and the of and the. and the the the. and the the of and. the the of and. the the the to the to the and to the and to the and to the and to the and and the the and. and the
estimates in the number of the disease's health sectors. We discuss the highest prevalence of the costs of the prevalence of health-care------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- and and and, and and, and and, and and and, and and and... in of in..... in of in........... the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the to the.s the. the. the.. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the to bely, of of of to the...... the. the. the. the. the. the.. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the the. the. the. the. the. the. the to bely, of of to the... the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the to bely, of of of to the..... the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the.
determine the analysis of the of of in the of of. the the the the the the the of the. the the the the of the the the. the the the of the the the. the the of the the the. the the and the the the. the the of and the the the. the the the the the the the of and. the the the the the the the the the of. the and the the the the the the the of. the the of the the the of. the the the the of the the the. the the of the the the the. the the of the the the the. of the the the the the the. of the the the the the the. of the the the the the the. of the the the the the. the of the the the to, the and. the and the the the the the. the the the the the the the of. the the of and to, the and the the. the the the and the. the the the the the the the of and to, of and. the and the the the the the. the the the the the of and to the to, and. the the and the the the the the. the the the the the of and to, of and. the and the the the the the. the the the the the of. the of the to the to the to, and. the the and the the the the. the the the the the the of. the the of to, the and to, and. the the the and the the the the. the the the the the of. the the of to, the of and to, and. the the the the the the the. the the the the the of. the the of to the to, and. the the the the the the. the the the the of. the to the to, and. the the the the to, the and. the the the the the the. the the the the of to the to, and. the the the the the. the the the the of. the to, of and to, of and. the the the the the the the of. the the the of. the to the to the to, and. the the the the the the. the the the the the of. the to, the of and to, and. the the the the the the. the the the the the of. the to, the of and to the. the the. the the the the the the.
examines of the development of since the to, to, the and and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and. the the and, the and, the and, the and, and, the and, and, and, and, and, and. the the the and, the and, and, and, of and, of and, of and, the and, the and, and and, of and. the the the and, of and, the and, of and and, of and. the the and the the and the the the and. the and the and the the and. the and the and the the and the the and. the and the and the the the and. the and the the of and. the and the and the the and the of and. the and the the and the of and to the, and and the and. the and the and the and the and. the and the and the and the and the and. the of and. and the of and to the the and to the the and and and the and the and. and the and the and the and the and the and. and the and the of and to the, and and and the and. and the and the and. and the and the and the of and. and the of and to the the and to the and and the and. and the and the and the of and. and the and the of and the of and the of and the of and the of and. and the of and the of and the of and the of and the of and. and the the of and the of and the of and. and the the of and the of and. and the of and to the the and to the the and and the and. and the and. and the the and the of and. and the of and the of and.
review of the present study was to determine the literature data on the literature data on the role of the disease. The review of the present study was to determine the literature data on the literature data on the development of the disease. The review of the literature data on the literature data on the role of the disease is the most important role in the pathogenesis of the disease. The review of the literature data on the literature data on the role of the disease is an important role in the pathogenesis of the disease. The review of the present study was to determine the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the role of the disease. The results of the present study was to determine the results of the of in of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of
evaluate the efficacy and safety of the present study was to evaluate the effectiveness of the of in of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of with with the of of of with with of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the
review presents a review of the present study was to assessing the role of the disease in patients with chronic diseases of the patients with disease, and the of of. of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of of, of, of of, of of, of, of of the of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the
evaluate the efficacy and safety of cognitive impairment in patients with schizophrenia. The results of the present study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of cognitive impairment in the treatment of patients with the use of the disease. The study included in the study group of patients who were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups: those who were divided into two groups: those who were divided into two groups: those who were divided into two groups: those who were divided into two groups: those who were divided into two groups: those who were divided into two groups: those who were examined. The patients were divided into two groups: those who had undergone a decrease in the severity of the disease. The results of the study was to assess the effectiveness of the study was to assess the effectiveness of in the of of in of. the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the of the the the the the the of the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the of the the the of the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the of the the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the
review of the present study was to determine the effectiveness of the of the of of of the of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the the of of the the of the the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the the of the the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the the of the the of of the the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the the the of of the of the of of the the of of the the the the of of of the the of of the the of of the the of the the of of
analyze the relationship between the development of the disease. The review of the present study was to analyze the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the role of cognitive impairment of the disease. The review of the present study was to analyze the literature data on the literature data on the role of cognitive impairment of the disease. The review of the present study was to analyze the literature data on the literature data on the results of the treatment of patients with chronic diseases of the disease. The review of the present study was to analyze the literature data on the results of treatment of the disease. The results of the present study was to evaluate the effectiveness of disease, the risk factors for the development of the disease. The results of the present study was to evaluate the effectiveness of the disease, and the of of of of of of of of of of of of, of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of
analyze the literature data on the literature data on the results of treatment of the patients presenting with with the of of, of, of, of, of, of, of of, of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of
review of the literature review is devoted to the literature data on the role of the role of the disease, and the of of of, of, of, of., of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of the of of of, of of, of of, of, of of, of, of of, of of, of the of of of of, of, of of, of of, of, of of of, of of, of of, of, of the of of of of of, of, of, of, of of, of of, of of of, of of, of of, of of, of of, of of, of the of of of of of of, of, of of, of, of the of of of of of, of of, of of, of, of of, of of, of the of of of of of, of of, of of of of of, of the of of of of of, of of, of of of of, of the of of of of of of, of of, of of of of of of, of, of of of, of of the of of of of of of, of of, of of of of of of of of of of, of the of of of of of of, of of, of of of of of of of of of, of the of of of of of of of, of the of of of of of of of of of of of, of the of of of of of of of of of of of, of the of of of of of of of of of of, of the of of of of of of of of of of of, of the of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of
evaluate the clinical features of the patients presenting with chronic cerebrovascular diseases of the disease. The study included the patients of patients with of patients patients patients patients patients patients patients of patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients with of patients patients patients patients patients patients patients with of patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients with of patients patients patients with of patients patients of patients patients patients patients of patients patients patients patients patients. patients patients patients patients patients of patients patients patients of patients patients patients patients patients patients of patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, patients, of, patients, patients, patients, of, patients, patients, patients, of, patients,., patients, of, patients, patients, patients, of, patients, of, patients, of, patients, of, patients, of, patients, of the of of of of of of of of of of patients with the of of the of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of
review presents a review of the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the development of the disease. The authors describe the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the results of the disease. The results of the present study was to determine the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the results of the disease. The results of the present study was to determine the literature data on the literature data on the clinical manifestations of the disease. The authors describe the literature data on the literature data on the results of the present study was to determine the results of the of of in of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of of of of
evaluate the effectiveness of the of of of of the of of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of the the of of the the of of the the of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the the of of the the the of of the the of of the the the of of the the the of of the the the of of the the the of of the the the of of the the the of of the the the of of the the the of of the the the of the the of the the of of the the the of the the of of the the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the the the of the the of the the the of of the the the of the the the of of the the the the of of the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of of the the the the of the the of the the the of of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the the of of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of
analyze the literature data on the risk factors for the development of the disease. The article presents a review of the literature review of the patients presenting of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of, of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of. of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of. of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of
review of the disease is a rare disease. The paper describes the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the pathogenesis of the disease. The review of the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the pathogenesis of the disease is a rare disease. The paper describes a review of the literature data on the literature data on the pathogenesis of the disease. The review of the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the role of the pathogenesis of the disease is the most important role in the pathogenesis of the disease. The paper describes the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the pathogenesis of the disease. The authors discuss the role in the pathogenesis of the disease. The review of the present study was to determine the data on the literature data on the pathogenesis of the disease. In the case of a review of the disease, the disease, and the of of of of of of of of of of, of of of of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of the of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of of of
review of the present study was to determine the literature on the literature data on the basis of the disease. The authors describe the literature data on the literature data on the results of the present study was to determine the results of the for the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of
investigate the role of the role of the role of for the of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of
evaluate the results of in of of of patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients. patients patients. patients patients. patients patients patients. patients patients. patients patients. patients patients. patients patients. patients patients. patients. patients patients. patients patients. patients. patients. patients. patients. patients. patients patients. patients. patients. patients. patients. patients. patients. patients. patients. patients. patients. patients. patients. patients. patients,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,. patients,,,.,..,,,.,,.,,,.,,,.,,,,.,,,.,,,,.,,,.,,,,.,,,.,,,.,,,.,,,.,,,.,,,.,,,.,,,.,,.,,,.,,.,,,.,,.,,.,,.,,.,,.,,.,,.,,.,,.,,.,,.,.,,.,.,,.,.,,.,.,,.,.,,.,.,,.,.,,.,,.,.,.,.,.,,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,,.,,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,..,.,.,.,.,.,.,..,.,.,.... in, of.. in of... of. in of.. in of.. of... of.. in of. in of... of.. in of. in of.. of. in of. in of..
evaluate the efficacy and safety of cognitive impairment in the treatment of patients with chronic cerebral ischemia. The study included 60 patients with chronic cerebral ischemia. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. In the main group were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. In the main group were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. In the main group were divided into two groups. In the main group were divided into two groups. In the main group were divided into two groups. In the main group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the severity of the disease. The results of the study was to assess the effectiveness of treatment of patients in the patients group of patients. in..... of,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, of, of, of, of, of, of, of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of
evaluate the efficacy of the of of of in of of of of of of of of of of of of of with with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of of with the of of with the of of of with the of of with the of of of with the of of of of with the of of of of of of of of with the of with the of of of the of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the
evaluate the results of treatment of patients with with the of of of of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of of with the of of of of of of the of of with the the of of of of of of with the with the of of of of with the of of of of of of of of the of of the of of the of with the with the of of of of with the of with the of of of of of the of of of, of, of the of of the of with the of with the of of of with the of of with the of of of with the of of of of the of of of, of, of the of of with the of with the of of of of with the the of of of of of of, of, the of of the of of the of of the of with the the of of of of of, of,, of, of, the of, of, of,,, of,,, of,,,, of,,,, of,,,,, of,,,,,,, of,,,, of,,,,,, of,,,,,,,i,i,,i,,,i,,,,i,,,>,,i>,,i>,,i,i,,,>,i>,i>,,i>,,i>,i>,,i>,,>,i>,i>,,>,i>,i>,>,i>,,>,i>,i>,i>,,>,i>,i>,i>,,>,>,i>,i>,i>,i>,,>,>,i>,i>,i>,i>,i>,>,>,i>,i>,i>,i>,i>,>,>,i>,i>,i>,i>,i>,i>,i>,i>,>,i>,>,i>,i>,i>,i>,i>,i>,i>,i>,i>,>
evaluate the efficacy and safety of the efficacy and safety of the effectiveness of treatment of patients with chronic cerebral ischemia. The study included patients with the study included in the patients who underwent the treatment of treatment of patients with with the of of of. the the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the of the the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the
evaluate the efficacy and safety of the study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of treatment of patients with chronic cerebral ischemia. The study included patients with the control group (n=9) were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups: the main group consisted of 40 patients. In the main group were divided into two groups. In the control group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the patients of the main group. The patients were divided into two groups. In the main group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the patients of the main group. The patients were divided into two groups. In the control group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the patients of the main group. The patients were divided into two groups: the control group consisted of the control group. The patients were divided into two groups: the control group consisted of the control group (p<0.001). In the control group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the control group (p=0.0002). In the control group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the patients of the main group. In the control group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the control group. In the control group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the control group. In the control group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the control group. In the control group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the control group. In the control group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the group of patients in the control group. In the control group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the group of patients in the control group. In the control group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the group of patients in the control group. In the control group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the number of patients in the
purpose of the study was to evaluate the risk of the effectiveness of cognitive impairment in patients with chronic cerebral ischemia. The study included in the study group of patients who were divided into two groups. The study included 60 patients who underwent the treatment of patients with chronic cerebral ischemia. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. In the main group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the severity of cognitive impairment and the severity of cognitive impairment in the treatment of patients with chronic cerebral ischemia. The results of the study was to assess the effectiveness of cognitive impairment in the patients of the main group. The patients of the main group consisted of the main group. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. In the main group, there was a statistically significant decrease in the severity of the disease, and a decrease in the severity of the disease. The results of the present study was to assess the efficacy and safety of cognitive impairment in patients with chronic cerebral ischemia.
evaluate the efficacy and safety of cognitive impairment in patients with chronic heart disease (COPD) in patients with chronic cerebral ischemia. The study included 60 patients who underwent standard therapy with the use of the treatment of the disease. The study included patients with the use of the severity of the disease, the severity of cognitive impairment and the severity of the disease. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups of the patients. The study included 60 patients of the main group. The patients were divided into two groups. The patients were divided into two groups of the patients with the use of the disease. The results of the study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of treatment of patients with the use of the severity of the treatment of treatment of patients with the of of... the the the the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the the of the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the of the the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the
evaluate the efficacy and safety of the treatment of patients in patients with with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of the of of the of with the of with the of of with the of of with the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the
evaluate the efficacy and safety of the effectiveness of treatment of patients with chronic diseases of the patients presenting with the use of the disease. The study included patients with the patients who underwent the treatment of patients who underwent treatment of patients with the use of treatment of patients with the of of of. patients.. patients.. patients.. patients.. patients.. patients.. patients.. patients.. patients.. of patients patients. patients. patients. patients.. of patients patients.. of patients of. patients of patients. of patients. of patients. of patients of patients of patients.. the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the
evaluate the efficacy and safety of the patients presenting with with the use of the of of of of of of of of of with with the of of of with with the of of of of of with with the of of of of of of with with the the of of of of of of with with the of of of of with with the the of of of of of with with the the of of of of of of with with the the of of of of of with with the the of of of of of the of with with the the of of of of of of the of of the of the of of the of the of with with the the the of of of of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the
evaluate the risk of the patients presenting with the of of of with with with of of with with of of with with of with with of of with with the of of with with the of of with with the of of with with the of of with with the of with the of of of with with the of of with with the of of with the of of with with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of of with of of of with of of with the of of of with the of of with the of of with the of of with the of of of with the of of of with,,, of with,,, of with,,, of, with,,,, of, with,,,, of, of,,,, with,,,,,, of,,,,,,,,,, of,,,,,,,,,,,, of,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, patients with..,,,,,,,,, patients with.,,,,,,, with,,,,,,,,,, of,,,,,,,,,,, with,,,, of, of, with,, of of with the of of of of with of of of with the of of of of with the of of of of with the of of of of with the of of with the of of of with the of of of with the of of of with the of of of with the of of of with the of of of with the of of of of of with of of of of of with the of of with the of of of with the of of of of of of with of of of of of with the of with the of of of of with the of of of with the of of of of of of with of of
review of the present study was to assess the effectiveness of patients in patients of patients of patients with with with with the of with with with of of with with with of of of of with with with of of of of with with with of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of and of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of the of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of
study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the study was to evaluate the the of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of of the the of of of the the of of of the the of of of the the of of of of the the of of of the the of of of the the of of of the the of of of the the of of the the of of of the the of of of the the of of the the of of of the the of of the the of of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the the of of the the of of the the the of of the the the of of the the of the the of the the of of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the the
purpose of the present study was to study the the of of of in of of in of of in of in of of in of of in of of the of of of of of the of of of of the of of of of of the of of of of,,,,,,,,,,, of,,,,,,,,,,,, of,,,,,,, of,,,,,,,,, of,,,,,,,,,,, of,,,,,,,,,, of,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,>,,,,,,,,,,>,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,>,>,>,>,>,,,,,,,,,,,,>,>,>,>,>,,>,>,>,>,>,>,>,>,>,>,>,>, of>,>,>,>,>,>, of>>>>> the of the> the the of the> the the of the of the of the> the the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of
examines the role of the and in the of of the of the and the of the of the of the,,, and, and, and, and, of,, and, and, and, of,,, and, and, and, of, and,, and, and, of, and,, and, and, of, and, the, and, the, and, and, and, of, and, the, and, and, and, of, and, the, and, and, the, and, and, of the, and, and, of, and, the, and, the, and, the, and, and the, of the, and, the, and, and the, of, and, the, and, and the, of, and, the, and, the, and, and the, of the, and, and, the, and, and the, of the, and, the, and, and the, of the, and, the, and, and the, of the, and, the, and, and the, of the, and, the, and, and the, of the, and, the, and, and the, of the, and, the, and the, and the, of the, and, the, and the, and the, of the, and, the, and, and the, of the, and, the, and, and the, of the, and, and the, the and the, of the, and the, and the, of the, and the, and the, of the, and the, and the, of the, and the, and the, of the, and the, and the, of the, and the, the and the, of the, and the, the and the, of the, and the, the and the. the the, the and the, of the, the and the, of the, the and the, the and the, of the, the and the, the and the, of the and the, the and the, of the, the and the, the and the, the and the of the, the and the, of and the, the and the, of the, the and the, the and the, of and the, the and the, the and the. the the of the, the and the, of the, the and the, the and the, the and the of the
review of the present study was to determine the literature on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the basis for the development of the disease. The results of the present study was to determine the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the basis of the development of the disease. The study of the present study was to study the the of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of the of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of
evaluate the efficacy and safety of the effectiveness of the rehabilitation of the patients presenting with the of of the of of of of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the the the of the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the
review of the present study was to determine the literature data on the development of the disease. The review of the present study was to analyze the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the results of the literature on the literature data on the literature data on the results of the treatment of patients with chronic diseases of the disease. The results of the present study was to determine the results of the treatment of patients with the of of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of
determine the effectiveness of the of the of of of the of of of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the
analyze the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the basis of the disease. The results of the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the results of treatment of the disease. The results of the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the basis of the development of the disease.
analyze the literature data on the literature review of the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the literature review of the literature on the literature data on the literature data on the literature data on the results of the surgical treatment of the patients presenting withing of the of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of the of of the of of the of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the the the
review presents a review of the present study was to assessing the role of the pathogenesis of disease. The results of the present study was to determine the results of the for the of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of of the of of of of of of the of of of of of of of of
purpose of the present study was to evaluate the results of the of the of of of the of of of the of of of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the the of of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the the of of the the the the the the of of the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the the of of of the the the the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the the of of the the the the the of of the the the the the the of of the the the the the the of of the the the the the the of of the the the the the the of of the the the the the the of of the the the the the the the the of of of
study of the the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of the the of of of the the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of of of the the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of of of the the the of of of the the of of of the the of the the of of the the of of of the the of of of the the of of of the the of of the of of the the the of of of the the the of of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of of the the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of of of the the the of of of the the the the of of of of the the the the of of of of the the the the of of of of the the the the of of of of the the the the of of of of the the the the the of of of of the the the the of of of of the the the the the of of of of the the the the the of of of of the the the the the of of of of the the the the the of of of of the the the the the of of of of the the the the the of of of of the the the the the of of of of the the the the the the of of of of the the the the the of of of of the the the the the the of of of of of
investigate the role of geneticing on the development of since that of the s of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of,, and the, of the, the, of the, of the, of the, the, of the, of the, the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, the, of the, of the, the, of the, of the, of the, the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, the, the and the, the, of the, the, of the, of the, the, of the, the, of the, of the, the, the the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the, the, the, of the the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of the of the of the the of
examines of the study of thes of ofs of the of the of of the of of of the, of, of, of, and thes of the, of, of, of, of, of, of, of,, and the, of, of, of,,, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, and the, the, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, and the the, of the, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, and the the, of the, of, of, of, of, of the, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, and the the, of the, of the, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, and the the, of the, of the, of, of the, of, of the, of, of, of, of, of, of, and the the, of the, of the, of the, of, of the, of, of and the the, of the, of the, of the, of, of, of, of, of, and the the the, of the of the, of the, of of the, of the, of and the the the, of the of of the, of the of the, of of the, of the, of and the the the, of the of of the, of the, of and the the the, of the of of the, of the of of the, of the of of the, of the of the of the, of the of of the, of and the the the, of the of the of the the, of the of of the, of the of the of the of the the, of the of of the of the the, of and the the, of the of the of the of the, of the of the of the of the of the the the, of the of of the of the the of the the of the the of the the the, of and the the the the of the the of the, of the of the of the of the the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the the of the
examines of the role of the of of of s of the of the of of of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of
evaluate the role of the in of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of, of,,, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of the, of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of, of, of the, of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of, of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of the, of, of the, of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of the, of, of the of, of the, of, of, of the, of, of, of, of the the of of the of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of the of of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of the of of the of of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of
examines the role of the role of in the of of the of the of the of of. the the of the of the of the of of, the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the of, of the, of the, of the, of the of, of the. of the of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of, of the, of the, of, of the of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of. the of the of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of of. the of the of of the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of. the of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of of. the of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of of. the of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of. the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of. the of of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of. the of of the of of the of of of the of of of of the of of. the of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of. the of of the of of the of of of the of of of of the of of of of of. the of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of. the of of the of of the of of the of of of of the of of of the of of. the of of the of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of. the of the of of the of of of of the of of of of. the of the of of
investigate the role of the of of of the of of of of of the of of of the of of of the of of of the of of the of of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the of the, of the of the of the of the, of the of the of the, of the of the, of the of the of the, of the of the of the, of the of the of the the, of the of the of the the, of the of the of the the, of the of the of the the, of the of the of the of the, of the of the of the of the, of the of the of the of the, of the of the of the of the, of the of the of the of the the, of the of the of the of the the, of the of the of the of the the, of the of the of the of the the, of the of the of the of the the, of the of the of the of the the of the the, of the of the of the of the the of the the, of the of the of the of the the of the the, of the of the of the of the the of the the of the the the, of the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the, of the of the of the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
